Deprecated HttpClient service, added ClientInterface (#426)
php-http/HttplugBundle: CHANGELOG.md

The change log describes what is "Added", "Removed", "Changed" or "Fixed" between each release.

# unreleased

> - Marked `Http\Client\HttpClient` service as deprecated (#425).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deprecated `Http\Client\HttpClient` in favor of `Psr\Http\Client\ClientInterface` (#425).
```
